src/components/stable/gux-radial-loading/readme.md, before:

# gux-radial-loading

When the loading of a task is known, this component displays a radial indicator and the completed percentage of
the task.

Otherwise, if the loading is unknown, and no percentage is provided, it instead displays a simple Loading Spinner.

<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property           | Attribute           | Description                                                                         | Type                                | Default   |
| ------------------ | ------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- | --------- |
| `context`          | `context`           | The display context the component is in.                                            | `"full-page" \| "input" \| "modal"` | `'modal'` |
| `screenreaderText` | `screenreader-text` | Required localized text to provide screen reader accessible label for the component | `string`                            | `''`      |


## Dependencies

### Used by

 - [gux-page-loading-spinner](../gux-page-loading-spinner)
 - [gux-radial-progress](../gux-radial-progress)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  gux-page-loading-spinner --> gux-radial-loading
  gux-radial-progress --> gux-radial-loading
  style gux-radial-loading fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

chore(gux-radial-loading): provided better descriptions for screenreaderText prop

src/components/stable/gux-radial-loading/readme.md, after:

# gux-radial-loading

When the loading of a task is known, this component displays a radial indicator and the completed percentage of
the task.

Otherwise, if the loading is unknown, and no percentage is provided, it instead displays a simple Loading Spinner.

<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property           | Attribute           | Description                                                                                                                                                   | Type                                | Default   |
| ------------------ | ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- | --------- |
| `context`          | `context`           | The display context the component is in.                                                                                                                      | `"full-page" \| "input" \| "modal"` | `'modal'` |
| `screenreaderText` | `screenreader-text` | Localized text to provide an accessible label for the component. If no screenreader text is provided, the localized string "Loading" will be used by default. | `string`                            | `''`      |


## Dependencies

### Used by

 - [gux-page-loading-spinner](../gux-page-loading-spinner)
 - [gux-radial-progress](../gux-radial-progress)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  gux-page-loading-spinner --> gux-radial-loading
  gux-radial-progress --> gux-radial-loading
  style gux-radial-loading fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
