src/components/stable/gux-accordion/readme.md, before:

# gux-accordion



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property       | Attribute       | Description                                                                                                                               | Type     | Default |
| -------------- | --------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------- |
| `headingLevel` | `heading-level` | The heading level within the page the accordion section headers should be set to. heading-level="3" woudl be equivalent to an h3 element. | `number` | `null`  |


## Methods

### `close(slot: string) => Promise<void>`

Closes a section.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`



### `open(slot: string) => Promise<void>`

Opens a section.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`



### `toggle(slot: string) => Promise<void>`

Toggles a section.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`




## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [gux-icon](../gux-icon)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  gux-accordion --> gux-icon
  style gux-accordion fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

feat(accordion): added toggle icon position property
added toggle icon position property

COMUI-545

src/components/stable/gux-accordion/readme.md, after:

# gux-accordion



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property        | Attribute        | Description                                                                                                                               | Type                         | Default     |
| --------------- | ---------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------- | ----------- |
| `arrowPosition` | `arrow-position` |                                                                                                                                           | `"beside-text" \| "default"` | `'default'` |
| `headingLevel`  | `heading-level`  | The heading level within the page the accordion section headers should be set to. heading-level="3" woudl be equivalent to an h3 element. | `number`                     | `null`      |


## Methods

### `close(slot: string) => Promise<void>`

Closes a section.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`



### `open(slot: string) => Promise<void>`

Opens a section.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`



### `toggle(slot: string) => Promise<void>`

Toggles a section.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`




## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [gux-icon](../gux-icon)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  gux-accordion --> gux-icon
  style gux-accordion fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
